## Results of Donor Code

The **logs** directory contains all the execution output of donor code identification and search on Defects4J bugs. For the bugs with identified donor code, there is an associated folder `${project}/${id}` of each bug saving the result data. In such a folder, for each buggy hunk, the file `lines_${buggyHunk}.log` , if exists, records all *potential* donor code according to two types of similarity measures following the definition of code clone detection, and the file `${buggyHunk}_matched.log` includes all *matched* donor code, if exists. For the bugs of which the donor code is intrinsic or empty (e.g., Chart_1 that has intrinsic donor code, and Closure 6 that requires no donor code), there is no corresponding folder in the **logs** directory.

The **results** directory includes the data summarized from the **logs** directory. The file `${project}_${id}_donor.txt` records the donor code information (i.e., the donor code scope, code clone type, number of identified donor code) for each buggy chunk. Specifically, *fix ingredient(SameMethod)* represents the local-method donor code, and *fix ingredient(SameFile)* means the local-file donor code, etc. In addition, *fix ingredient* with no *()* tag means local-program donor code. For the code clone types, *varMapType:ori* denotes type-1, while *varMapType:0* and *varMapType:1* represents type-2.

**donor-code.xlsx** records the identified *intrinsic donor code* and *local-test donor code*, and it sumarizes all the distributions of donor code, which are then visualized using bar charts.